Add DNA to list of future teams (#139)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM.io: _pages/community.md

### Future Project Teams

- **Places** - consider changing from a comma-separated place hierarchy to a set of linked place records.

> - **Relationships** - support for varying definitions of families, roles and relationships.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Relationships** - allowing varying definitions of families, roles and relationships.
```
